>>> NANCY PELOSI NIECE NEW
>>> NANCY PELOSI NIECE NEW COMMENTS THAT SHE DOESN’T SPORT
COMMENTS THAT SHE DOESN’T SPORT SUPPORT IMPEACHMENT COMES AS
SUPPORT IMPEACHMENT COMES AS EVERYONE IS WAITING FOR ROBERT
EVERYONE IS WAITING FOR ROBERT MUELLER’S REPORT.
MUELLER’S REPORT. PERHAPS ANY MOMENT NOW, WE JUST
PERHAPS ANY MOMENT NOW, WE JUST DON’T KNOW.
DON’T KNOW. AS POLITICAL KOE REO REPORTS, TH
AS POLITICAL KOE REO REPORTS, TH HOUSE THIS AFTERNOON LEFT THE
HOUSE THIS AFTERNOON LEFT THE DOOR OPEN FOR THE PRESIDENT
DOOR OPEN FOR THE PRESIDENT GOING NUCLEAR AND PARDONING PAUL
GOING NUCLEAR AND PARDONING PAUL MANAFORT, JUST TWO DAYS BEFORE
MANAFORT, JUST TWO DAYS BEFORE WE FIND OUT YOUNGLONG MANAFORT W
WE FIND OUT YOUNGLONG MANAFORT W SPEND IN PRISON.
SPEND IN PRISON. JOINING ME NOW IS JOHN BREN NAN.
JOINING ME NOW IS JOHN BREN NAN. AND CZECHHUCK ROSENBERG.
AND CZECHHUCK ROSENBERG. THE SAME QUESTION TO BOTH OF YOU
THE SAME QUESTION TO BOTH OF YOU GENTLEMAN, IF NANCY PELOSI IS
GENTLEMAN, IF NANCY PELOSI IS SAYING I’M PEACHMENT IS NOT
SAYING I’M PEACHMENT IS NOT WORTH IT, IS SHE ATTACHING DOWN
WORTH IT, IS SHE ATTACHING DOWN EXPECTATIONS ABOUT THE MUELLER
EXPECTATIONS ABOUT THE MUELLER REPORT?
REPORT? COULD SHE KNOW SOMETHING THAT WE
COULD SHE KNOW SOMETHING THAT WE DON’T KNOW?
DON’T KNOW? >> SHE COULD, BUT I DON’T THINK
>> SHE COULD, BUT I DON’T THINK SHE DOES, IT WAS SIR SURPRISING
SHE DOES, IT WAS SIR SURPRISING SHE CAME OUT WITH THIS DAYTIME.
SHE CAME OUT WITH THIS DAYTIME. SHE DID LEAVE HERSELF AN OUT.
SHE DID LEAVE HERSELF AN OUT. SHE SAID UNLESS IT IS
SHE SAID UNLESS IT IS COMPELLING, I THINK WE ALREADY
COMPELLING, I THINK WE ALREADY HAVE TWO BOXES CHECKED.
HAVE TWO BOXES CHECKED. I THINK THE BIPARTISAN BOX WILL
I THINK THE BIPARTISAN BOX WILL NOT BE CHECKED FROM HER VIEW.
NOT BE CHECKED FROM HER VIEW. AND IT IS NOT WHAT CONSTITUTION
AND IT IS NOT WHAT CONSTITUTION SAYS, BUT I THINK IT IS THE
SAYS, BUT I THINK IT IS THE POLITICAL REALITIES OF
POLITICAL REALITIES OF WASHINGTON ON THE EVE OF A
WASHINGTON ON THE EVE OF A PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION SHE
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION SHE DOESN’T WANT TO GO THROUGH A
DOESN’T WANT TO GO THROUGH A BRUISING FIGHT THAT WILL GET
BRUISING FIGHT THAT WILL GET THROUGH THE HOUSE, BUT HIS STYLE
THROUGH THE HOUSE, BUT HIS STYLE IN THE SENATE WILL NOT BE
IN THE SENATE WILL NOT BE SOMETHING THAT WILL END GIVEN
SOMETHING THAT WILL END GIVEN THE REPUBLICANS DETERMINATION TO
THE REPUBLICANS DETERMINATION TO STAY WITH THEM.
STAY WITH THEM. >> SO SHE IS GUESSING THAT
>> SO SHE IS GUESSING THAT WHATEVER MUELLER COMES OUT WITH
WHATEVER MUELLER COMES OUT WITH IT WILL NOT BE ENOUGH TO
IT WILL NOT BE ENOUGH TO CONVINCE REPUBLICANS SO LET’S
CONVINCE REPUBLICANS SO LET’S MOVE ON FROM THIS?
MOVE ON FROM THIS? >> YEAH, AND I THINK IT IS
>> YEAH, AND I THINK IT IS BIPARTISAN, I THINK IT HAS TO BE
BIPARTISAN, I THINK IT HAS TO BE SOMETHING THAT WILL BE NOW HAVE
SOMETHING THAT WILL BE NOW HAVE CONVINCE THE REPUBLICANS WHO
CONVINCE THE REPUBLICANS WHO HAVE JUST STUCK WITH TRUMP, AND
HAVE JUST STUCK WITH TRUMP, AND SAY YES, THIS MEETING THE
SAY YES, THIS MEETING THE STANDARD OF HIGH CRIMES AND
STANDARD OF HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS AND HE NEEDS TO BE
MISDEMEANORS AND HE NEEDS TO BE OUSTED FROM OFFICE.
OUSTED FROM OFFICE. AT THIS POINT SHE IS TAMPING
AT THIS POINT SHE IS TAMPING DOWN EXPECTATIONS SO THE HOUSE
DOWN EXPECTATIONS SO THE HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE FOCUS ON THEIR
DEMOCRATS ARE FOCUS ON THEIR INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. >> I THINK JOHN IS RIGHT, NANCY
>> I THINK JOHN IS RIGHT, NANCY PELOSI IS A GIFTED POLL DECISION
PELOSI IS A GIFTED POLL DECISION MAKING A POLITICAL CALCULATION.
MAKING A POLITICAL CALCULATION. I DON’T THINK THERE IS ANY
I DON’T THINK THERE IS ANY CHANCE SHE COULD KNOW WHAT IS
CHANCE SHE COULD KNOW WHAT IS INVOLVED IN MUELLER’S REPORT.
INVOLVED IN MUELLER’S REPORT. BY REGULATION, AND MUELLER IS A
BY REGULATION, AND MUELLER IS A REGULATION GUY, KATIE, HAS TO BE
REGULATION GUY, KATIE, HAS TO BE CONFIDENTIAL WHEN HE TRANSMITS
CONFIDENTIAL WHEN HE TRANSMITS IT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
IT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. HE HAS NOT LEAKED A THING.
HE HAS NOT LEAKED A THING. HE IS RUNNING AN AIRTIGHT
HE IS RUNNING AN AIRTIGHT INVESTIGATION, THE NOTION THAT
INVESTIGATION, THE NOTION THAT NANCY PELOSI KNOWS WHAT IS IN IT
NANCY PELOSI KNOWS WHAT IS IN IT IS FANSFUL TO ME.
IS FANSFUL TO ME. >> WHAT WOULD EQUAL BAD FOR HIM,
>> WHAT WOULD EQUAL BAD FOR HIM, EQUAL A CRIME, LIKE GETTING ON
EQUAL A CRIME, LIKE GETTING ON THE PHONE TO VLADIMIR PUTIN
THE PHONE TO VLADIMIR PUTIN SAYING HELP ME WITH THESE
SAYING HELP ME WITH THESE E-MAILS SO I CAN TAKE DOWN
E-MAILS SO I CAN TAKE DOWN HILLARY CLINTON.
HILLARY CLINTON. >> I THINK SINCE HE FACTED TO
>> I THINK SINCE HE FACTED TO ABNORMALLY I THINK HE CON VEBSED
ABNORMALLY I THINK HE CON VEBSED A LOT OF PEOPLE IN WASHINGTON
A LOT OF PEOPLE IN WASHINGTON THAT ANYTHING THAT HE DOES DOES
THAT ANYTHING THAT HE DOES DOES NOT REACH THAT BAR OF
NOT REACH THAT BAR OF IMPEACHMENT.
IMPEACHMENT. I THINK HE HAS BEEN INTENTIONAL
I THINK HE HAS BEEN INTENTIONAL ABOUT THAT.
ABOUT THAT. HE HAS GOT HIS BASE TO HOLD
HE HAS GOT HIS BASE TO HOLD THEIR NOSE AND ALL OF THAT THAT
THEIR NOSE AND ALL OF THAT THAT IS CONSISTENT WITH THE
IS CONSISTENT WITH THE PRESIDENT -- I THINK THAT IS WHY
PRESIDENT -- I THINK THAT IS WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE DETERMINED TO
SO MANY PEOPLE ARE DETERMINED TO STICK WITH IT.
STICK WITH IT. >> HE LOWERED THE BAR AND RAISED
>> HE LOWERED THE BAR AND RAISED THE BAR AT THE SAME TIME.
THE BAR AT THE SAME TIME. ADAM SCHIFF WAS ON YESTERDAY AND
ADAM SCHIFF WAS ON YESTERDAY AND HE SOUNDED WORRIED.
HE SOUNDED WORRIED. HE WAS SAYING ROBERT MUELLER
HE WAS SAYING ROBERT MUELLER SHOULD HAVE PRESIDENT TRUMP IN
SHOULD HAVE PRESIDENT TRUMP IN FRONT OF HIM AND HI SHOULD
FRONT OF HIM AND HI SHOULD QUESTION HIM IN PERSON.
QUESTION HIM IN PERSON. LET’S LISTEN.
LET’S LISTEN. >> I THINK ULTIMATELY IT IS A
>> I THINK ULTIMATELY IT IS A MISTAKE.
MISTAKE. THE BEST WAY TO GET THE TRUTH IS
THE BEST WAY TO GET THE TRUTH IS TO PUT THE PRESIDENT UNDER OATH
TO PUT THE PRESIDENT UNDER OATH BECAUSE HAS HE MADE CLAIM IN THE
BECAUSE HAS HE MADE CLAIM IN THE PAST, HE FEELS IT IS PERFECTLY
PAST, HE FEELS IT IS PERFECTLY FINE TO LIE TO THE PUBLIC.
FINE TO LIE TO THE PUBLIC. >> CHUCK, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> CHUCK, WHAT DO YOU THINK? >> IN A TYPICAL INVESTIGATION,
>> IN A TYPICAL INVESTIGATION, KATIE, YOU SAVE THE MOST
KATIE, YOU SAVE THE MOST IMPORTANT PEOPLE FOR LAST AND
IMPORTANT PEOPLE FOR LAST AND YOU TALK TO EVERYBODY.
YOU TALK TO EVERYBODY. AND SO IT STRUCK ME AS ALMOST A
AND SO IT STRUCK ME AS ALMOST A NECESSITY THAT BOB MUELLER AND
NECESSITY THAT BOB MUELLER AND HIS TEAM TALK TO DONALD TRUMP
HIS TEAM TALK TO DONALD TRUMP EXCEMENT FOREX
EXCEMENT FOREX EXCEPT FOR ONE THING WE DON’T
EXCEPT FOR ONE THING WE DON’T KNOW THE FACTS.
KNOW THE FACTS. WE DON’T KNOW WHAT MUELLER
WE DON’T KNOW WHAT MUELLER KNOWS, AND WE FRANKLY DON’T KNOW
KNOWS, AND WE FRANKLY DON’T KNOW WHETHER OR NOT THE PRESIDENT HAS
WHETHER OR NOT THE PRESIDENT HAS AGREES OR NOT AGREED TO BE
AGREES OR NOT AGREED TO BE INTERVIEWED.
INTERVIEWED. BY THE WAY I DON’T KNOW IF BOB
BY THE WAY I DON’T KNOW IF BOB MUELLER WOULD WIN.
MUELLER WOULD WIN. THE SUPREME COURT WOULD REQUIRE
THE SUPREME COURT WOULD REQUIRE A PRESIDENT TO GIVE NEW
A PRESIDENT TO GIVE NEW EVIDENCE.
EVIDENCE. ASSUMING HE HAD A FIFTH
ASSUMING HE HAD A FIFTH AMENDMENT PRIF LENG, BUT I
AMENDMENT PRIF LENG, BUT I WORKED FOR BOB MUELLER AND FE HE
WORKED FOR BOB MUELLER AND FE HE DOESN’T WANT TO TALK TO BOB
DOESN’T WANT TO TALK TO BOB MUELLER I’M SURE HE HAS A GOOD
MUELLER I’M SURE HE HAS A GOOD REASON FOR THAT.
REASON FOR THAT. >> CONSIDERING THE INVESTIGATION
>> CONSIDERING THE INVESTIGATION AND CONSIDERING THE NOVELTY
AND CONSIDERING THE NOVELTY THERE, IF THERE A REAL SWEAT FOR
THERE, IF THERE A REAL SWEAT FOR OUR PRESIDENT, THEY FOUND
OUR PRESIDENT, THEY FOUND SOMETHING THERE, HOW LONG CAN
SOMETHING THERE, HOW LONG CAN YOU SIT ON THAT, CURRENTLY SIT
YOU SIT ON THAT, CURRENTLY SIT ON THAT?
ON THAT? >> IT JUST DEPENDS ON THE FACTS.
>> IT JUST DEPENDS ON THE FACTS. IF IT IS SOMETHING FROM THE PAST
IF IT IS SOMETHING FROM THE PAST THAT HAS BEEN UNCOVERED THAT
THAT HAS BEEN UNCOVERED THAT DOES COMPROMISE THE NATIONAL
DOES COMPROMISE THE NATIONAL SECURITY OF THIS COUNTRY I THINK
SECURITY OF THIS COUNTRY I THINK IT IS A VALID QUESTION.
IT IS A VALID QUESTION. SHOULD WITH ALLOW A INDIVIDUAL
SHOULD WITH ALLOW A INDIVIDUAL IN THE OVAL OFFICE THAT IS
IN THE OVAL OFFICE THAT IS COMPROMISEBLE.
COMPROMISEBLE. WE DON’T KNOW HOW MUCH OF THIS
WE DON’T KNOW HOW MUCH OF THIS INVESTIGATION ICE BERGE IS OUT
INVESTIGATION ICE BERGE IS OUT THERE.
THERE. I THINK HOW MUCH IS THERE AND
I THINK HOW MUCH IS THERE AND WHAT WILL BE DETERMINED WILL BE
WHAT WILL BE DETERMINED WILL BE DETERMINED BY WHAT WILL BE
DETERMINED BY WHAT WILL BE PRESENTED TO THE ATTORNEY
PRESENTED TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
GENERAL. THERE IS NOTHING THAT REQUIRES A
THERE IS NOTHING THAT REQUIRES A PUBLIC STATEMENT TO GO OUT FROM
PUBLIC STATEMENT TO GO OUT FROM THE SPECIAL COUNCIL’S TEAM
THE SPECIAL COUNCIL’S TEAM SAYING WE HAVE TO DELIVER A
SAYING WE HAVE TO DELIVER A REPORT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.
REPORT TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. I THINK WILLIAM BARR WILL GET
I THINK WILLIAM BARR WILL GET THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS.
THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THIS. >> CHUCK, I BELIEVE, I THINK WE
>> CHUCK, I BELIEVE, I THINK WE WERE TOLD WE WOULD GET SOME
WERE TOLD WE WOULD GET SOME GUIDANCE FROM DOJ.
GUIDANCE FROM DOJ. WE JUST WOULD NOT HAVE ANY IDEA
WE JUST WOULD NOT HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT WAS IN THE REPORT
WHAT WAS IN THE REPORT IMMEDIATELY.
IMMEDIATELY. >> BUT I THINK JOHNSON’S
>> BUT I THINK JOHNSON’S INSTINCTS ON THIS ARE RIGHT.
INSTINCTS ON THIS ARE RIGHT. HERE IS WHY.
HERE IS WHY. THE MUELLER REPORT IS REQUIRED
THE MUELLER REPORT IS REQUIRED TO BE CONFIDENTIAL.
TO BE CONFIDENTIAL. IT IS NOT IN THE ATTORNEY
IT IS NOT IN THE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S INTEREST TO KNOW HE
GENERAL’S INTEREST TO KNOW HE RECEIVED IT.
RECEIVED IT. ONCE WE KNOW HE RECEIVED IT WE
ONCE WE KNOW HE RECEIVED IT WE START HAMMERING ON HIM, WHAT
START HAMMERING ON HIM, WHAT WILL YOU DO, WHAT WILL YOU MAKE
WILL YOU DO, WHAT WILL YOU MAKE PUBLIC?
PUBLIC? AND SO THOROUGH, IT IS ENTIRELY
AND SO THOROUGH, IT IS ENTIRELY PLAUSIBLE, BUT IT IS PLAUSIBLE
PLAUSIBLE, BUT IT IS PLAUSIBLE THAT HE TRANSMITTED IT AND WHEN
THAT HE TRANSMITTED IT AND WHEN HE DOES I IMAGINE THEY’RE NOT
HE DOES I IMAGINE THEY’RE NOT GOING TO ANNOUNCE THAT.
GOING TO ANNOUNCE THAT. I DON’T KNOW HOW THAT HELPS THE
I DON’T KNOW HOW THAT HELPS THE ATTORNEY GENERAL THAT WOULD WANT
ATTORNEY GENERAL THAT WOULD WANT TO TO READ IT, REFLECT ON IT,
TO TO READ IT, REFLECT ON IT, AND DETERMINE WHAT COULD BE
AND DETERMINE WHAT COULD BE PROPERLY TRANSMITTED TO THE
PROPERLY TRANSMITTED TO THE CONGRESS AND MADE PUBLIC.
CONGRESS AND MADE PUBLIC. THE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S MARCHING
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL’S MARCHING ORDERS THAT GOVERNOR THIS REPORT
ORDERS THAT GOVERNOR THIS REPORT MUST BE BRIEF AND MUELLER’S
MUST BE BRIEF AND MUELLER’S REPORT TO HIM MUST BE
REPORT TO HIM MUST BE CONFIDENTIAL.
CONFIDENTIAL. >> WHAT IS ABOVE THE WATER RIGHT
>> WHAT IS ABOVE THE WATER RIGHT NOW IS ALL OF THE ACTION WE’RE
NOW IS ALL OF THE ACTION WE’RE GOING TO BE SEEING IN COURT THIS
GOING TO BE SEEING IN COURT THIS WEEK FROM THE VARIOUS PEOPLE
WEEK FROM THE VARIOUS PEOPLE INVOLVED.
INVOLVED. ONE OF THOSE IS PAUL MFRT.
ONE OF THOSE IS PAUL MFRT. THIS COULD DETERMINE HOW LONG HE
THIS COULD DETERMINE HOW LONG HE WILL END UP STAYING IN PRISON.
WILL END UP STAYING IN PRISON. TODAY THE WHITE HOUSE WOULD NOT
TODAY THE WHITE HOUSE WOULD NOT EXPLICITLY RULE OUT THAT PAUL
EXPLICITLY RULE OUT THAT PAUL MANAFORT WOULD NOT BE GIVEN A
MANAFORT WOULD NOT BE GIVEN A PARDON.
PARDON. >> RIGHT, PAUL MANAFORT SHOULD
>> RIGHT, PAUL MANAFORT SHOULD NOT BE DANCING IN THE END ZONE
NOT BE DANCING IN THE END ZONE YET.
YET. HE GOT A LENIENT SENTENCE.
HE GOT A LENIENT SENTENCE. HE IS LOOKING AT AN ADDITIONAL
HE IS LOOKING AT AN ADDITIONAL TEN YEARS.
TEN YEARS. THE JUDGE THERE COULD RUN IT
THE JUDGE THERE COULD RUN IT CONSECUTIVELY AND HE STILL HAS
CONSECUTIVELY AND HE STILL HAS SIGNIFICANT EXPOSURE, WHETHER OR
SIGNIFICANT EXPOSURE, WHETHER OR NOT THE PRESIDENT WILL PARDON
NOT THE PRESIDENT WILL PARDON HIM IS ANOTHER MATTER, BUT HE
HIM IS ANOTHER MATTER, BUT HE SHOULD NOT BE DANCING IN THE
SHOULD NOT BE DANCING IN THE OCCASION YET.
OCCASION YET. >> I DON’T HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT
>> I DON’T HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT MR. TRUMP WILL BARR DON HYMN ATP
MR. TRUMP WILL BARR DON HYMN ATP SOME POINT.
SOME POINT. SO I BELIEVE THAT PAUL MANAFORT
SO I BELIEVE THAT PAUL MANAFORT WILL BE ABLE TO GET OUT OF THE
WILL BE ABLE TO GET OUT OF THE FEDERAL CHARGES, WHAT DOES HE
FEDERAL CHARGES, WHAT DOES HE HAVE TO LOSE IF HE PARDONS HIM.
HAVE TO LOSE IF HE PARDONS HIM. >> I THINK WHETHER OR NOT IT IS
>> I THINK WHETHER OR NOT IT IS HIM LEAVING OFFICE.
HIM LEAVING OFFICE. BUT HE HAS SPOKEN HIGHLY OF HIM.
BUT HE HAS SPOKEN HIGHLY OF HIM. HE FEELS THIS INVESTIGATION HAS
HE FEELS THIS INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN A WITCH HUNT.
BEEN A WITCH HUNT. SO WHY WOULD DONALD TRUMP ALLOW
SO WHY WOULD DONALD TRUMP ALLOW HIM TO STAY IN JAIL.
HIM TO STAY IN JAIL. >> WHAT ABOUT MIKE FLYNN?
>> WHAT ABOUT MIKE FLYNN? WILL HE GET A PARDON AS WELL?
WILL HE GET A PARDON AS WELL? >> ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH
>> ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WITH TRUMP.
TRUMP. HE USES THE POWERS AS HE WANTS
HE USES THE POWERS AS HE WANTS TO
TO TO.
TO. IF THERE ARE STATE CHARGES,
IF THERE ARE STATE CHARGES, THOSE COULD STICK, BUT FEDERAL